Okay, so phase three, we don't have to really promotion tracking counts only.
I'm just trying to see what's up to go over ACA Medicare, I was just working on the document
up until we got on the phone ACA Medicare, I tried but do not count.
Okay, so what we'll go through this.
So all right, so if we go to 1.1 promotion progress license agents only on the dashboard,
I want to show two different arrows like bars and I'll show you what they look like.
I'll give you an example, this is it right here.
This is like an idea of what they look like.
If you look on the left hand side, we don't have to have like all that other stuff around it,
but on the left hand side, because my agents will be one of two agents.
They'll either be producer agents or they'll either be builder agents.
This is in Spanish, is it in Spanish?
Yeah, it's in Spanish.
So I know the Spanish, but so the agent will either be a producer or a builder.
Producer just means that they sell life insurance or health insurance so they sell.
Builder means that they recruit other agents and they sell.
So those are just the two different routes.
Now they could get promoted, they could be on the producer side and be doing their numbers
and get promoted, but let's just say they start recruiting agents, they could be on the builders
and like use that too.
So they could be either one at any time, if that makes sense.
So basically, I want to have that on the dashboard itself.
I know we have some things on the dashboard now, maybe that could be above it,
and those things can be below it.
And so both arrows are, they only show production that is in force.
So I give it, and it's only for life insurance and supplemental.
So let me go in here to our HP office real quick and show you what I mean by that.
So here under the production tab, the status, I updated the statuses inside of the
document, just to change a little bit of these.
Instead of approved or instead of like paid, it'll be in force.
Once something is in force, it should show up on here on the dashboard in those two arrows.
Basically, what the arrows are for a news is just so the person knows where they're at
and where they need to be for the next promotion.
So to give you a quick, just kind of like an example here.
So we look at, let's just say the person is, we're not going to use these promotion levels.
I'm going to give, I'm going to send you another document with the names of the levels
and what's needed for each one, but just an example.
If the person is a financial associate, here they need to do $5,000 in premium
in life insurance for them to move up to senior financial associate.
So let's just say they're at 2000.
So technically, they would be like halfway up that bar, like maybe have a little line,
say, hey, you're halfway up this bar, and you only need 2000 more to get to senior financial
associate, if that makes sense.
Go ahead, sorry.
Yeah, I understand, I understood that.
And now on the right side, so on the right side is the builder side.
So if you notice here, to get to a financial associate,
it's a different tracking.
So it's like over here, it was 5,000 in 30 days.
Over here, it's 10,000 in three months.
It'll say three months, it's two months.
So it should have some type of filter at the top, where I could like say,
in the last 30 days, in the last 60 days, like for each one kind of deal.
And then, for example, here, now it has, hey, 30,000 in premium within a two-month period,
so 60 days, period rolling, it doesn't have to be like from the first of the 31st,
just 30 days, any 30 days, or 60 days in this case, plus four agents that are active.
So maybe on the left side of this bar is how many agents are active on your team,
writing premium, I don't know if you could track that, and then how much premium your team has,
how much production. The only stuff that's being tracked on these two bars, though,
is life insurance and supplemental. So when I say that inside of life insurance and supplemental,
are these things here? So if we go to product,
really every single one of those counts for that, except for Medicare Advantage.
So Medicare Advantage does not count.
Also, we have to add in there something called ACA, which is just another name for health insurance.
That does not count, but it's just something that we're tracking.
Can we make this tab where I can edit it myself, the product where I can add in different
products and stuff like that, is that a possibility?
The product to be selected for the KPA for that bug you are seeing?
Yeah, let's say I add some new products to the company, or I want to make an adjustment
to the drop-down menu here. Can I change? Are you able to put it to where I can add in a new product
myself? Yeah, that can be done because you can see that that's the same case in the carrier,
which I've given to you. You can add your own carrier also. So we can give that functionality
also to you in the product. Okay, where do I add my own carrier? I think I just don't remember.
I've sent in one of the videos. I think it's an admin.
An admin? Okay. Oh, carrier management. Okay. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, that's great.
Oh, yeah, yeah, you're right. Okay, perfect. Yeah, thank you. Awesome.
Okay. Yeah, so if we could add that in for the product, maybe product management as well.
Okay, and let's go back to this here, then.
Okay, so then both arrows just support a rolling time frame selection. We already talked about that.
Like if it's if I want to filter it by 60 days, 30 days, 40, you know, whatever the case is.
So these 30 days, 60 days will be the last 30 days or it should be from the time this
joined the platform. That's a good question. So it'll just be from the last 30 days.
So what should automatically pop up as the last 30 days? But I should be able to filter it or the
agent should be able to filter it, you know, by whatever the last 15 days or whatever the case is.
It wasn't that good. I'm sorry. Then I will have to give them two date fields, you know, from this day
to this day, that will be a custom field that you know, how about how about you do this? Could it be
instead of giving them like a custom, it could just be like a drop down menu with this as 30 days,
60 days, 90 days, 120 just like every 30 day period, you know, yeah. So it will be 30, 16,
91, 21, 50, 180, 210. But what's within the maximum range? 12 months. So you can just do one month,
two months, three months, four months, five months like that. Yeah, yeah, that will be good.
Okay, perfect. That's that's great. Okay. Okay. Now another tracker that I want to,
um, oh, I'm sorry. So on the producer tracker, just to just going to a little bit of detail here,
obviously, like I just told you, only the enforced premium counts, because just so you get an idea,
and maybe you already know, so forgive me if I'm telling you something that you already understand.
It's just for clarity. So when an agent goes and sells a life insurance policy or a final
expense policy or whatever the case is, what happens is that that policy is sold, but it's not active
yet. So the way that they get promoted within the company is that the, the policies have to be
active. So what we call enforce, so enforce means they're active. And really this is, I think this
is missing a hyphen here. No, that's fine. Inforce. So enforce. And once it's enforced, then they can
pop up on the trackers on the dashboard, you know, um, that's that'll be like the trigger. Now,
um, I have to get you the levels, just the names, you know, so like I said, I'll get you those levels.
Let me see displays, current level, next level, oh, and X and Y progress. So I don't know if you
understand the like displays, current level, where they're at, their next level, where, you know,
the next promotion is, et cetera, et cetera, excuse the ACA and Medicare. I already, um, we talked
about that. And then arrow B, which is the builder track. Um, so here we're using two different
things we're tracking, not just premium enforce, but also agents as well, um, that they have that are,
these are agents that are licensed. Um, so not, not non-licensed agents, only agents that are
licensed. Are we able to track it a new to where, because it has to be agents that are actually
selling. So not just licensed agents that aren't doing anything. So are we able to track it like if
agents that have sold in the, like if I put a filter of 60 days, and then it comes up with like
four agents or five agents that have sold a policy, at least one policy, but basically agents that
have logged in the production that they've sold at least one policy in the last 60 days. Does that
make sense? Um, agents have sold a policy. Yeah, I'm thinking, but agents have sold a policy. How
will the system will understand right now, which I have developed for you? Okay, great question.
So give an example. So I have, let's just say I'm an agent, normal agent, and I have 10 people
under me, but only three people have sold. And the way that you know that they've sold is because
they've gone into the production tab, and they've logged in, you know, a, um, a sale, and they'll
put the submission date here. So when we filter on the dashboard last 30 days, you know, it'll take
it off of basically here. If I have two agents on my team that's sold in the last 30 days,
it'll see it from the production tab. So it means that yes, so it means that the new product
submission is the sale, which you're seeing. Yeah. Um, after, after it shows, enforce on the status
here. Okay, it has to be always, always, always has to be enforced. And so if I have 10 agents who
submitted things, but none of it is enforced, then it doesn't count. Okay, yeah, in that case,
that can be fabulous. Okay, awesome. Great stuff. By the way, how do you switch this status here?
Because I don't see a spot for it. Do you know? Yes, go on actions on this pencil button.
Yeah, that's what I did. Okay, I think it's not on the product submissions.
Uh, you are on the admin admin part, or you're on the, okay, it's your admin panel.
Yeah, I think product submission is still one excellent. I gave it an option in the system.
Uh, okay, I made a video on that. I don't remember exactly. No worries. Could we make it to where
because if an agent is going in here and, and, and, and, um, like working in this tab,
can we just make it to where it's, you know, you can, like a little, little, uh, space here,
where it says, you know, they can choose submitted or whatever the case is.
It, oh, you know what? Let me, cause I, like this, like, can we make it like where they can, uh,
when I go to the new submission, we're a drop down menu that where we can pick the status.
In there? Yeah, what will be those status fields?
Yeah, so I have it here in the document. It'll be here in a few minutes.
Okay, okay, yeah, we can do it. Okay, perfect. Um, okay, so here it is just more clarity on the
B site producing agent. Um, like, it's only an agent with at least one in force case in the time frame.
Okay, um, left side, um, on the left side of that bar, on the, you know, arrow B, is agents progress,
um, the right side, you know, X like is like where they're at, why is where they want to be,
or they need to be for the next promotion. Right side is premium progress, um, X and Y.
Um, okay, the rolling windows, um, each promotion level may use a different only windows. So,
like I said, 30s, you know, one, two, month, three months kind of thing. Um, default time frame is
stored per promotion level. Yeah, so it means that I have to make another tap for this right for
the KPI. I like something like dashboard or KPI track. I think the thing that I want them to see
when they log into this is that I want them to see like that. You can leave it. Yeah, yeah,
because I really want them to be focused on producing, on production. So I just want them to see
that like right away. Okay, you know, um, and then below that, we can have like, you know, this stuff
here, like everything else here, you know, they can just scroll down for that basically. Um, I think
it, sorry, go ahead. Okay, okay, I got it. Um, I think it's also in the, in the document, you see how
down here is this training management. Mm-hmm. If you could just add like a little, you know,
you did a little logo here for these, you know, um, and this one doesn't have one. If you could just
add something in there, no big deal, just like, you know, just, just so it's like even. Yeah, sure,
sure, sure. All right. I don't know how I missed it. Uh, no, it's a lot, bro. So it's a lot. So you're
good. Um, okay. All right. So then the other tracker that we want to have, um, similar to that one
and even on the dashboard as well is the, uh, ACA tracker. Mm-hmm. So ACA is another big business for
us, but it's, it's, it's, um, it's, uh, uh, seasonal really more than anything, but so just
so I want to add like another maybe like some type of, I don't know if it needs to be an arrow,
but it needs to be something that is visible, um, to then maybe under those two arrows, kind of thing.
Um, and if you have a different opinion or something that looks better, let me know please, but
basically ACA for us in Newsh is just health insurance. Yeah, but I cannot guarantee that I can
provide you the exact arrow that you showed to me. Okay. The figure might. No, no, that's fine.
Yeah, no, the arrow can be like a different arrow, you know, it can be a different, it doesn't
have to be that exact same arrow. Yeah. No, it just make it look cool. Just make it look nice.
That's it. Oh, I don't really, it doesn't matter, but there. Yeah. Um, for the ACA though, I,
so the way that I work in Newsh is, so an agent, so let's just say there's an agent on the team,
and they have 200 health insurance clients, right? Awesome. Well, they're going to get paid for
the 200, but I have a promotion tier that once the person gets to a thousand, I'll pay them like, and
once the person gets to a thousand on their team, not them personally, like on their team,
if they have a thousand clients, um, means they didn't have to sit down with them, I'll give them an
extra dollar for those thousand clients every month. Okay. If they get to 2000 clients on their team,
I'll give them an extra $2 every month. If they get to 3000 and above, I'll give them $3 every
month. You know, so all it basically is, it's just a tracker that says, this is how many clients
you have on your team now, in total between everybody, between all your agents. This is your next
tier, a thousand, once they're at a thousand, maybe they're at 1100, your next tier is 2000, your
next tier now street. So it's just something to keep it in their face of like, hey, you know, get to
this and then have a little multiple next to it. So if they're at a thousand, they're next multiple
it's times two. They use a 2000 times two dollars. Um, so maybe on there, it could be like, um,
okay. So, uh, this 1000, this is for a single person or, for example, if they're a whole team,
yeah, I'm on the team, well, the whole team. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So there you can include
theirs plus their whole team. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So maybe it could be work at the, in that tracking
or whatever, it could be like receive an extra thousand dollars monthly if you get to a thousand.
On the 2000, it's $4,000 extra monthly. And on the 3000, it's $9,000 monthly. So maybe something
that it could be said like that. So they see in their brain like, you know, I need to get to a
$4,000 extra a month in commission. Um, that kind of thing. This is all new stuff. None of them are
there yet because again, it's a new company. It's in the beginning phases. Um, but yeah. Um, also,
like some little disclosure there, subject to monthly verification by carrier because some of these
guys might put something in the system, but it's really not, that's really not it, you know. Um,
and I think somewhere on here, a new, I put, um, like maybe at the end of each month,
what I will do is I'll go into like my system where I have access to everybody's stuff.
I'll download a file, a CSV file and Excel file. Okay. And I want to be able to go into RHPD,
like for the ACA clients, for example, and I want to be able to upload that file. And for that,
for that to be filled, like, for example, if I upload that for, let's just say Maria. So
I upload that file there for Maria. And I say, Hey, Maria, you know, like she can click on it to
actually see how many, you know, clients she has currently. Does that make sense? Yeah.
Okay. And but Maria might have a team. So I might need to, yeah, I just, yeah. So I'll create
that CSV. I just want to be able to upload it if that's, you know, that's possible.
Okay. Promotion rules of admin can edit promotion level names. So if we do that, we're like,
if I give you, like, because I, I want to be able to promote people in the system,
I don't remember if I can do that now. I think you told me I could. I just don't remember.
Which one? To be able to promote somebody. So let's just say they, they, they hit their numbers
that they get promoted to the next, to the next level. Does that make sense? Yes, that will be under
your user management. User management. Okay. Okay. From here, you can put, you can click on that
trophy button over here. On the trophy button. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Okay. I got it. Got it. Got it. Got it.
Okay. One, two, three, four, five, six. Okay. You know what? We can use senior associate,
fifth manager, senior manager division executive, we can use these, these work for that bar that I'm
talking about. In the dashboard, these, these will be fine. Give it to me in the hierarchy level
from top to bottom. Yeah. This is it. This is, this is it right here. Talk to bottom. I mean,
from the associate, that's the bottom. Yeah. So see, associate, senior associate, because that's
one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Yeah. That's perfect. So associate is the bottom most and
national executive is the top most. Yes, sir. Exactly. Okay. Yeah. That's perfect. We can go with that.
Anush, can you make it to where when they hit their numbers, it automatically promotes them in the
system. If I tell you, this is the, you know, this is the number that they have to hit for this
level. There's a number that have to hit for this level. Can you, you know, because it's going to
be tracking it in the dashboard anyway with the errors. In that case, you know, what happens,
technically, I'm going to tell you how this happens that we have to run the job on the server.
And it is, it's going to be like a handshake protocol where every day the job and
behalf of time, it's going to check that, okay, what is the status of the performance of the client
and when they hit that number on that particular day, it's going to promote them. I'm not saying
that we can't do it. I'm saying that. Okay. Yes, it's going to take a little bit time.
Well, how about this? Instead of maybe we don't work on that right now for phase three, but can we
have it? Because I just don't want to delay everything, you know, and I don't want it to cost
me too much. Like a fortune either because, but how about this? How about we just make it to where
it just notifies me when somebody hits a promotion level? Is that cool? Like sends me in or like,
if somebody hits their, you know, their promotion, like, like, if I tell you, these are the numbers.
Like on the dashboard, if somebody hits, if, because on the dashboard, if they're supposed to hit
5,000 and they hit, like, we're in note of, like, it gives me a notification saying, hey, promote
so and so. Is that a thing or is that kind of the same thing? Again, it's kind of same thing only.
You know, if you know that hitting the number, we can automatically promote them. There's no
point of giving you an notification. You might get a notification for just cross-taking whether
everything is good or not, but that's what I want. Yeah. Yeah. Let me think on it. I'll see if I can
get a walk around on that. Okay. So how would you link? So if I give you the the numbers, right?
Because we were talking about the dashboard earlier. And if we have the arrows, for example, on the
dashboard, how would you make it to where, because I would obviously have to give you these numbers,
like, hey, 5,000, 30,000, 50,000, etc.
I don't know. I forgot. I was trying to ask you here trying to figure it out.
Okay. I'll let you work on it. No worries. They are entering the amount, right? When you're
saying they're adding the production products, they're entering the amount in the system, right?
They are entering the windows selling the products. So what I'll do is we are going to make a database
for that and for individual person with the help of their unique ID, which they are getting.
We are going to make a database and keep the record that this person has made this much
sold in this much amount of time. That's how, at the back and technically, we are going to keep
it track. Okay. Okay. Can we make it to where all of these things that they upload are downloadable,
where I can download CSV files and stuff like that? We're not really. What kind of information do you
want to download? Just like, for example, on the production tab, if they say, you know, like,
whatever is there, you know, like to fill it, you know, where I can just download the information
like the agent client product carrier. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I'll make that.
Okay. Okay. Perfect. All righty. And then we already talked about this, but it was just making
the product types editable by, for me, to where I can like add in their like, you know, other
products and stuff like that. Yeah. And then maybe like, yeah, that's good. I mean,
can edit product this. We talked about that. Status is submitted pending. Oh, these are the
statuses. So, um, adding those in there. Mm-hmm. For the, okay. Okay.
Only enforce, don't search for motion. Yes. Yeah. Required fields, um, in there as well,
this is under, this is all under the, uh, are we talking about what are we talking about here?
Is this about the form production? Sorry. Is this about the form that it quite feels or
that's something else? No, this is on the production tracking. So it's,
um, I don't know what it's on. It's, oh, so here. So let me, let me just
in production, yeah. So if I go to new submission, it's just to have those,
like those be the actual, um, uh, things there, like the fields. Okay. Okay. Any sense?
Yes. I don't know if you could make this, uh, uh, yeah, if we can make it editable as well,
I don't know. Oh, yeah. I think is that what we just talked about? I'm drawing that right now.
Okay. Perfect. Yeah. You told me about making the product feel editable for you. You could say
that you can have products. Okay. Awesome. Um, filters by date, range, category, carrier status.
I think you already have that. Upline, okay. Upline visibility rules. So,
so if, so I get, if in other companies all the time, if somebody is, let's just say, for example,
their commission level is 80% and they recruited somebody who is at 70 and now that person moves
up to 80, they usually can't see each other's production. But I want it to be here where they
can actually see the production if they ever recruited that person. Does that make sense?
Upline can view, don't mind which is godless of time.
I'll give you an example. Let me go onto this website so you understand what I'm saying. This
is a company I used to work for, but I still have access to their stuff. Okay. So the title for this
person, for example, um, is, let me see, I can rep profile where you got this wrong one. Rep profile.
So the title for this person is representative, right? So if this person is representative
and they have another representative, they wouldn't be able to see their like numbers. Like,
they wouldn't be able to like go on there and see how many clients that person has and stuff like
that. But I wanted to be like, if this person recruited me, that person can always see my numbers.
Okay. So it's like the downlink that down person who is at the lower level can see the upper levels
data. No, the upper level can see the lower levels data. Yeah, that will be done. The upper levels
okay. That's that makes sense. Okay. I don't need them to be able so important because of
because of legalities. I don't want them to be able to necessarily see their client list or
anything like that, but just their production. Like, how much premium, you know, like who they
like, who they recruited, they can be able to see who they recruited. That's important. Um,
and how much premium they have. Just not the client's names. Um, but how much premium they have,
yes. Okay. Are you know what? Um, even though. Yeah, that's fine. Let's do it like that. Just
just who they recruited, but not the client information. Like, if they want to pull a report for the
next the last 30 days of their whole entire team, you know, to see what the production was. How
many recruits, how many. Um, and there's what's the difference between the recruit tab and the
downline tab? What, what, what is the, I want to understand that. Do you remember? Yeah,
downline tab is just showing you the hierarchy. Uh, it's just going to give you some more information
like total members active and active and those kind of stuff. Recruits is again the same thing.
But yeah, the recruits is just the same thing. It's going to give you exact information,
but you have recruited by yourself as going to show in the recruits.
Downline is going to show you the, uh, information of all the people who are under your recruits also.
Okay. A large recruit, a large recruited four person, but of those four person,
if they recruited three or four more, you are not going to see that because these are your
recruits only. Now, downline shows you all the recruits, recruits of your recruits also.
Okay. So you're saying the down, the recruits tab is a personal me, the recruits I have personally.
Yes. And then the downline is my entire hierarchy. Yes.
Okay. Yeah, you see, you can see the knowledge is having all of these.
Yeah. Can you make it to where, let me show you this here. So if I go here to, um,
um, geez, I haven't used this in a while now. You're on a blank. So if, if I go here to, um,
uh, dashboard, where's my dashboard, dashboard, dashboard, um, recruit manager.
So you see here how it says personal and base shop. Could we make it, uh, kind of like that.
We're like, if we click personal, I can just see my personal ones. If I click, uh,
uh, base shop, I can see, um, or just downline or it doesn't have to say
base shop, but it can say downline and I can see the downline rather than making it two different
tabs, or do you just recommend just leaving it like that to just not make it difficult for now?
We just leave it. Just leave it. It's fine. It's just leave it. Yeah. Uh, we don't need to,
we don't need to complicate our life. All right. Um, almost done, man. This is two pages.
So we're here. Okay. So all right. If downline for most of the same level, uh,
upline still retains visibility. So we talked about that. Um, uh, oh, so me as the admin,
I can move agents from team to team is, uh, is that a, uh, not a possibility?
Uh, between, uh, admin again, move agents between teams. You mean to say you are going to change
their down, uh, downline history from one agent to another? Yeah. Because so some agents,
I give you an example, like I have an agent now who I gave, so this agent Janice and I gave
her another agent because I didn't want to work with that agent. I just didn't want to deal with it.
But if I see that Janice is not working well with that agent, I want to be able to move her
somewhere else. Okay. Yes. Okay. Um, I, we talked about this already. The CSV upload that I can
upload, um, you know, like a CSV file so that agent actually knows what the real numbers are in case,
you know, a client can't hold or whatever the case is, you know, um, commission statements,
like a statement vote. If we could just, I was thinking if we add a commissions tab, um,
in the commissions tab, let me see if it's in here. I guess not.
Um, I think, so I want to add a commissions tab basically where I can just upload because I'm
going to be paying them. So I want to be able to upload like PDFs of, so let's just say a company
called Trans America, sent me a statement to pay them. So I upload that statement for that week
into that tab, basically, if that makes sense. Um, so I, and I'll put the carrier name,
and so we'll be able to, I want to be able to filter like my carrier and by week or by date,
or whatever the case is. If that's, you know, can we do that? Um, you are going to upload the PDF,
but yeah, but uh, you want me to extract the information from the PDF for that?
Uh, no, I don't think so. It's just, no, it's just so the agent can go in there and just,
so when they get paid on Friday, just for example, they can go in and see why they got paid or they
got paid. So I just upload a statement. It's just a spot where they can, like, give you an example
of it. Um, it does not have to look like this, but this is just an example.
Okay. So just an example here. Um, so
okay. Instead of having it like this, like this is the commission or whatever the case is,
right? Uh, they don't need to have this. They can just, it can just be like a link to a PDF for
they open it up, you know, and where we can switch it by date. That's it. Okay. This needs to be made,
and that's going to be done. Okay. Okay. It doesn't, like I said, it doesn't need to have all this.
I just, just where they can, just like a bank state, like when you're on the bank, when you go and
you click on a different date and it shows a state, that's it. That's it. That's all right.
Um, okay. Uh, onboarding.
This one is the biggest tab probably that we just need to adjust some things. So on the onboarding
tab right now, um, I think it's, this is more going to be like a document hub where we just put
documents in there for the people. So, um, which I think is what you already had in mind.
So like, I know right now what shows up in the onboarding, for example, is like the PD,
like it's the APA agreement, the, the full agreement. If we can just have that show up as, um,
like, um, like a PDF rather than like, you know what I'm saying? Like, like just a link where they can
click and it opens up a PDF. Is that possible? The PDF is they have signed. I want to look clean.
Sorry. The PDF or the APA agreement is they have signed. You know what that is? Yeah, the one they signed.
Uh, yes, we can attach the item in the, the help of the signed API. Okay. I'll try to do that.
We can just give them a link. They can see the link that they have signed this document or we can
attach as an item under that particular agent's login. Yeah. Yeah. Basically what I wanted to kind of
look like is like, and again, if you have a simpler way of doing something, just let me know, right?
You know more about this idea. But, um, just it basically just where it's like, so I'll give you an
example. They're going to have, this is a CMS certificate, right? So I just want it to be a
place where they can click on, okay, this is your document, how this or it has a little square or
something and, um, so, uh, it's not there now, but you see how down here, you have like, um,
like these little squares, training materials, but maybe it has a little square that says,
API agreement. Boom. They click on it. Um, CMS certificate, which is needs to be uploaded as well.
They click on it. ENO insurance. Uh, they click on it. W nine, a hit, like they click on it. You know
what I'm saying? Um, but it needs to be able to be uploaded. These things, like these other things
CMS certificate, you know, insurance, W nine, a hit, uh, agent and admin upload access. You know,
so the agent can upload it or the admin, like I can upload it or I can assign another admin
in there as well. Um, yeah, agent agent will be the itself or, uh, the uplink.
The upline, um, so the uplines should be able to add it and the agent as well, but the agent,
like, for example, the agent shouldn't be able to like delete the APA for like, you shouldn't be able
to like, uh, you know, like like the APA should not be able to be edited or deleted or anything
like that by the agent, but they should be able to add and delete CMS, you know, uh, insurance.
So for the APA, for the APA, we can give the link and for CMS and EU and all those things,
we can just give them an upload and download facility. Perfect. Okay. Cool. That's cool. Um,
can we make this section where I can edit it? Like if I want to add more things to be uploaded,
okay. Okay. Yes. Perfect. Awesome. Um, and then like, I want to have on the dashboard itself,
it doesn't say it, um, but on dashboard, like a little next steps checklist for the person.
Like, let me show you what I mean by that. So if I go to this website here,
um, okay, if you look on the right hand side, I have like, when I first got in here,
it used to say like, your next steps, right? And it would say like W9 that the CMS certificate,
you know, these little things, right? So, um, if I can add something like that to the dashboard,
before, this is only like for people who like are basically what's for unlicensed people,
like their next step would literally just be to get licensed, you know, that's it. Okay.
Um, if they're licensed, then it would be like, hey, next step upload, you know,
submit W9 and direct deposit, which they're all going to ask you, I have QuickBooks. Could there
be a link that we put on there where they just click it and then they just submit their W9 and
direct deposit? Because with two quick books, two quick books, exactly. I mean, you are,
you want to integrate the QuickBooks with the website, right? Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. Is that possible?
Uh, all right. Let me show you what the QuickBooks looks like real quick on. Yeah. I know.
Oh, you know, okay. Yeah. I have one QuickBooks, but uh, for just making the invoices,
creating the invoices, it's just like a bookkeeper. So, okay. What I mean is they just have to be
added as contractors. Um, I think there's like, let me just see real quick, because I believe I
can just create a link to add it in. Maybe I can just create a link to add it in there really quick.
Um, let me just double check.
Okay.
Okay.
Sorry, it's colourless.
Thaith.
I have no clue in which it seems we're pretty fast.
It seems faster.
Yeah, it's fast.
Okay.
I don't know.
All right.
So if I go in here, I think it's okay.
All apps, accounting and no expenses and bills, contractors.
Here it is.
Okay.
So contractors.
Where you at?
Okay.
So these are the contractors, right?
So far anyway.
Your browser seemed to be zoomed.
Okay.
So if I want to add a contractor, I could just put their name here
and email and they don't send them out an email with the information.
But as the company gets bigger, like, it just becomes difficult to do this.
So let me show you how this other company does it.
So this other company has it here where you go my info, right?
And then.
This is my mom.
So you go in my info and then.
You go to.
Not this is just as non-security is direct deposit by just, you know,
direct deposit.
And then the info goes there.
Okay.
You know.
So I don't know if we can do something similar.
I don't care how it works.
Just as long as like it gets.
If it could get linked to QuickBooks and they could come up in here for me.
You know.
So we just want them to get added as a contractor and tools, right?
That's it.
W nine and direct deposit.
So I'll I care about there.
Okay.
Okay.
W nine will be a form, right?
They'll address that file.
I think.
Yeah.
So when you, for example, if I put a contractor,
it'll automatically send it to them.
And the W nine is how they pay.
So I as an employer or if I'm providing any type of commission or any payment to them,
they have to fill W nine.
That's what we report to the IRS for them to pay taxes.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Inside.
So the next.
So that these are just the steps for them.
Like, okay, if they uploaded their you know insurance, submit W nine and direct deposit.
And then they have to request carry appointments, which then takes us to the carrier management tab.
But.
And then have like a little progress bar, you know, or whatever you want to put there.
So it shows their progress or something that stands out for them.
Carrier management on the carrier tab.
So.
I have three different sections of products that we sell.
There's life and supplemental.
And then there's ACA, which is really health insurance.
And then there's Medicare, which is another form of health insurance.
So in the care tab, if we just have like three sections, right, that says life and supplemental,
ACA and Medicare, and they can toggle between them.
And once they talk between them, just to have like an edible, editable carrier section.
And I cannot enter the instructions and the notes, but like, like basically.
These people will be requesting contracts one of two ways.
For the life and supplemental.
Because the thing is that each, each carrier has a, or each company carrier has a different form of requesting contracts.
So there might just be a link for them, right?
Or there might be like, it says, hey, email our HP insurance and Gmail requesting this contract.
And then it'll be sent out, you know, kind of thing.
So if we get at something like that in there.
I don't know if that's clear enough for me.
Yeah, carriers, you can already edit.
I showed you that you can go and carry management at the carrier.
I didn't understand about the dog.
How are you going to use that?
Let me give you an example. Let me just draw it up.
So my idea was this, right?
And so it's kind of like, okay, so like have three little sections.
One says Medicare.
One says ACA and the other one says life and supplemental.
Okay.
And then once they click on this one, it'll take them to those carriers.
Right?
Okay.
And then once they click on this one, it'll take them to a list of carriers as well.
And then this one, a list of carriers as well.
I just have to give you that list of carriers.
Or truthfully, if we could do this, like you can make the section where I can edit it, right?
What you already have done.
I can add carriers to each one of these sections.
And then I need to be able to just like a little note section that I can add in myself next to the carrier,
where I can either put a link for them to get contracted with that carrier or I put a set of instructions for them.
And then if on there, it can have after another set, like of saying, okay, now this is what,
so like a section that after they ask for those contracts or what to expect section.
And I can fill that in.
You know?
Okay.
Okay.
I got it.
Yeah.
So basically carriers are going to get divided into three categories.
And after that, each category is going to have their own set of categories.
Yeah.
Let's just, yeah, just tell me, let me know the fields, which all you want in the carriers.
Okay.
Let me write that down here, a stuff that I need to get to you, because I wrote a little section here.
Fields of carriers per product type.
Okay.
Cool.
So for the carrier fields, these are the fields.
Oh, this is important.
So carrier name, their status with that carrier, like, for example, we put in here, like,
like requested contract,
pending,
requested contract and appointed basically.
That's it.
Those are the two.
Okay.
And that, and that status.
Okay.
And then the dates, like that automatically, you can see the date when they requested it, some notes.
And this is something called a factor.
This is important.
So for each carrier that is, so this is not a shoot.
This is life and health only related.
And all I need is a text box.
So.
Just really easy.
So this is something that I'll do.
I'll go in there and do so basically.
Let me give you a simple example.
And I know you got to go to sleep, brother.
So we're almost done.
So let's say I'm in the life and health side.
And I have trans America.
I have American amicable and I have whatever GTL, right?
My handwriting is terrible.
But okay.
With GTL, maybe the factor that they're going to, I'm sorry, with trans America, maybe the factor they'll get paid is 80%.
So I need to be able to put in there and go 80.
What that means is when an agent calculates their commission, they say, well, okay.
Boy, it was the policy cost $2,000 a year times 80%.
That's a $1,600.
It'll get paid times blah, blah, blah, blah.
But I need to be able to put into the factor.
So with American amicable, the factor might be 90%.
Would GTL might be 75%.
Does that make sense?
Yep.
Okay.
So I just need to go in there and be able to put that as a really important part of the page there for inside that favorite thing.
Okay.
So that's good for.
We kind of talked about this.
We just did talk about it actually in the so instructions basically for the life and supplemental.
I just need to be able to add in there like if they click on a carrier, I can have a link.
You know, if they if if if it's ACA, like I can, it's just something that I could put instructions for them, you know, and I can put those myself for Medicare.
You know, instructions as well.
So in the Medicare tab, you know, you can you can put this under the training management tab.
If you want.
You already have that.
Okay, but this wasn't the carrier management.
What do you what do you mean?
Sorry.
So what do you mean?
I mean, these are just the instructions about how they are going to use the portal, right?
No.
So this is for the carriers themselves.
So I give you an example.
For life and supplemental, they have to click they're going to be able to click a link on sometimes sometimes.
And it'll take them to something called sure LC.
And they'll fill out their contracts there.
For some of these carriers, they will not be able to do that.
They'll have to send me an email.
And then I'll respond, you know.
So for ACA.
See, you know, it's it's a different.
Like each the thing is that we basically is running three businesses inside of one.
Because there's three different product types.
I don't know if that makes sense.
Is that, you know.
Or not really.
That's okay.
We can do that.
That's nothing more like that.
In the carriers part, we need to add these instructions, right?
Right.
So let's just say the person clicks on.
So they say, okay.
They click on life.
Life and supplement.
All right.
Boom.
So now they click on that.
Huh?
Yes.
Okay.
They click on that.
And then a bunch of carriers come up.
Right.
That they can request.
And the first one that they're requesting is trans-America.
Okay.
So here, you know, there's going to be the factor, the blah, blah, blah.
But I'm going to say, okay.
To request trans-America, you have to click.
Link.
Right.
And then I click.
They click the link.
Then I'm going to put in there.
So at this.
These feels going to be.
I need to be able to edit them.
Right.
And.
And also the factor for trans-America needs to be 80%.
Just for example.
You know.
And I can be able to put that in there as well.
And then.
Let me go back to the thing we're talking about here.
But then they click on another one.
They click on.
And then there's a lot of micro-economic, which is for example.
And I'm like, hey, for this company.
You need to email.
Blank, blank, blank at,
to request.
You know.
And then I have.
So I'm going to have a set of instructions down here after.
Like, like, what to, or what to expect.
Call it.
What to expect.
You know, here as well.
Aside here from the factor.
Also, the dummy sense.
Okay.
Okay, I'll make that.
Okay.
Okay, let's go back to training tab.
So in the training tab, I mean, you pretty much already have this probably, but make it
at, you know, where it's edible, it's edible categories.
I think right now, yeah, training management.
I think you already have that there, where if I want to add in another category, I think
you have add material and then category.
So if I could be able to change these categories, I can give you a list of categories, to be
honest.
Okay.
Yeah.
So let me just add that.
Yeah.
I'm saying that if you're going to, if you want to access too much of things for the
admin editable part, then we need to make another console for admin to edit the website,
right?
Sarah, Sarah, Sarah, again, I'm saying, if you want to make the website too much editable
like product also you want to add or carriers or whatever, so then in that case, we need
to make another portal to make changes to your this current one to the website.
So that's portal is going to be the remote control and this is going to be the website,
but it's just going to make the work complicated.
Okay, let's try to make it as least complicated as we can so we can finish.
And look, if there's some things that right now, we just don't do just to get the portal
up and running.
That's okay too.
You just let me know, hey, in our hey, let's just do this one like after, you know, and
let's finish phase three, that's fine.
You know, but yeah, so just you analyze it, you let me know that way we can move on with
it.
Okay, so almost the last thing here, we're done there, okay, videos, can the videos be played
inside the platform, like in the training management tab, like if I upload a video of
me, like let's say I, I don't know, if I, I don't know what you recommend that I video
it with, like I have an app called loom LOM, but I use, you know, I don't know, it could
just be a link, I guess, but like, because I want to provide like videos for them to watch
and stuff like that.
And then I want to be able to provide like at the bottom of it, attach a PDF with maybe
some notes for them.
You can also put, if you're going to put videos on YouTube, we can make that YouTube bar
just running on the website.
Okay, however you think there, because I am going to start making videos soon to be able
to upload, but I want to also be able to upload PDFs.
I just don't want my videos like to be public on YouTube for other people to see.
Okay.
You know what I'm saying?
So that's why like I have loom, loom is cool because it's an internal platform for
me, and I just can send out a link to somebody, but I can also put it, you know, if you have
a spot for a link up here and then we can put in a frame and then play the loom video
over this.
That's perfect.
Okay.
Okay.
Cool.
Notifications.
I wanted to send like for people who are unlicensed, like a daily email notification to
unlicensed agents with the remaining days.
So that every single day they remind that you have this amount of days before, even though
they have that count down, but you know, I think like there's like, I don't know if it's
free or not, but I know there's MailChimp and other stuff that we can do for this or you
let me know.
What do we think?
And if we can't do it right now, it doesn't matter.
That's fine.
Yeah, because you need to get one service, you know, right now the emails are not getting
sent from rhpoffice.com.
That's something else.
I didn't really understand that a new, I'm sorry, I just didn't get what you were trying
to tell me there.
So right now the emails are being sent from rhp.
What are they being sent?
How are they doing?
That is getting sent from my alias name, Lotus one now.
Okay.
Yeah.
So to change that, we need transactional email services.
So that transactional email services are provided by send grid or by news mail.
What happens is that when you sign up for news mail, then you need to add your email from
which you want to send these transactional emails.
Okay.
Now your emails will be sent from your email, but the service which will be used, now these
service will be used for sending a personal email, so that's going to be that thing.
So it'll be sent, so I got the first part, it'll be sent from my email.
That's what it will appear for them.
But then what was the second part, it'll be, but it won't, what?
It will be sent from the service like send grade or news mail.
Okay.
That's the thing, because Gmail isn't providing the direct email thing.
Either you go for the Z here, then put the emails over there and, yeah, so these services
enter there, where we can use your email address to send the emails and bulk or for a single
transactional email, single email is called transactional email.
Okay.
Okay.
Got it.
Do you recommend that I get like a URL?
So it actually says at rhpoffice.com, you know, you recommend I do that or you already
have a domain, right?
RSP office.
Okay.
So can I create an email with that?
Can I, can I, uh, your, your RSP office is hosted on hosting, right?
I believe so, yeah.
Yeah.
So I mean to say that you can get, you already have an email address like RSP office,
or if you want to send it from hosting or also even that, even for that case, these services
are just providing us the email address, but to actually send it via API.
So many services that don't provide the APIs.
So what we do is then we use the third party services like news mail or like send grid
to send the emails.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Is that something that you can just set up for me and I can just go in there and pay it
or whatever?
Yeah.
Sure.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're just, you're just much better at it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Perfect.
Yeah.
And if we could set it up as like, um, uh, contracting at rhpoffice.com or something like
that, you know?
Okay.
Contact at the rate.
I'll ask you off.
Contracting.
Like, uh, contracting because it's going to be for, um, it's going to be for like recruiting,
right?
Basically that they're going to begin these emails.
But do you have, do you have this email with you contracting at the rate because you need,
I'm not purchasing any new, uh, email.
I'm just using one, uh, existing particular email to send the emails.
Okay.
But how do I create that emails that I'm saying is that through Hostinger?
Yeah.
You can play it on the Hostinger or you can play it on Gmail.
Like you did for rhp office.
But I won't be able to, if I do it on Gmail, I won't say, it'll say add gmail.com.
But if I wanted to say at rhpoffice.com.
Yeah.
That you can do on Hostinger.
Okay.
I'm saying, are you able to do that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because you have access to my hosting journal and stuff.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
Okay.
Please.
And just just put it as contracting at rhpoffice.com.
That's.
Okay.
That's, um, please.
Okay.
We're about to finish right here.
So, um, I already asked you this.
Um, how can I been upload training content?
Um, that's, you know, we already talked about that.
Oh, um, how does licensing progress?
Oh, shoot.
We didn't talk about the licensing tab.
Damn.
That's important.
Um, oh, but it's, it's done here.
Okay.
How can admin, uh, no, how does licensing progress work?
So I know you have like a little licensing progress for the agents.
It doesn't show for me on the dashboard.
But I know there's like a bar, a little bar across here that you have for licensing progress.
I guess.
Um, do you know what, do you know what I'm talking about or no?
Um, I'm not able to understand.
Okay.
Um.
If I log out.
I don't like out.
Well, where's the log out button?
Go to the admin over there.
Yeah, that's what I'm click out here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yes.
Okay.
And if I log in as.
Oh, shoot.
I don't remember what.
Well, I don't remember the other login information that I had, to be honest, but.
Um, if you log in as an agent, like as a new agent.
You'll notice that there's like a little bar that looks like this.
It's like a little long bar, a little like rectangle bar.
And you have on there, like at the top of it, like licensing progress or something like that.
Okay.
Progress.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And, um, I was just wondering how, like, how was that measured?
Because in the licensing tab, but we have currently.
This isn't an important tab for the agents to be able to track their other agents.
If they're not licensed.
Um,
So I wanted to like add some stuff to this.
I really just wanted to like connect it to exam effects, because that's where they're beginning their license through.
Uh, I don't know.
I know that they have an API that we can use.
Um, we'll go ahead.
We'll wait for a second, but, um.
Okay.
You know what?
Let's just.
We already talked about that.
Let me just put this here so we'll just talk about it now.
Okay.
Um, so.
With the licensing tab.
I want to be able to track.
So this is good right here.
Right.
But like, there are steps that these people need to have done.
And I don't, I guess, Chad, you did it and include it here.
But like, for example,
um, you know, first thing they need to have done is, uh, they need a schedule exam.
Right.
Um, next thing they need to have done is, uh,
you've had something on here though.
I know I saw it.
Like, maybe it's for the agent.
It was just as it like exam attempts.
Like you had something on here.
I understand.
What you are saying.
You are saying about the licensing.
So the, uh, agent.
Let's say who's on the downline.
They are going to have that bar.
That bar is.
Yeah.
Perfect.
Okay.
Here it is.
I'm sorry.
I just didn't click on it.
Um, okay.
Okay.
Great.
So this is awesome.
This is phenomenal.
Now, are we able to integrate this with exam effects?
So exam effects is where this person will study.
So it's required for them to study on exam effects.
Or any other website, basically, to then go take the state license.
So if I log into my exam, exam effects, let me show you.
Um, as a manager, because I have the manager portal.
Um,
Okay, log in.
And I am manager.
And.
One sec.
Okay.
Okay.
So if you look here,
I can see that there's one person in here, right?
But I can see on here.
This person's name.
I don't know if I click on it.
What happens?
Okay.
So I can see on here the person's name.
And all of these things that they've done.
Basically, um, chapter one, chapter two.
I can, I can pretty much see everything.
And if I go here, I can like.
I can go in here and see.
You know.
Like their progress.
You know.
So can we keep the licensing tab or this?
This is perfect the way it is, right?
Um, but.
Um, can we.
Like integrate it with exam effects.
But in what way?
What do you want with the exam.
What's your.
So this same and this same analytic.
Here.
Can we just add it below, below what you have already?
No.
See, we can have this because exam effects is putting it on their own dashboard.
I can try the API, whatever information they want to give.
But if you want to show it in this way.
It will be not exactly the same way.
But I need to check what, what, what is there in their API?
What all they can give us?
Let me show you, um, over here in this old company.
Let me see how they have it just so you get, get an idea.
Because I know they have exam effects as well.
Um, it's not it.
Yeah, I need to check the exam effects API.
If you are giving the information, yes, we can display it.
Maybe the UI might be different for the thing that.
Okay.
So check this out.
This is the way that they.
Okay.
So this is an example of how they have it, right?
They show up here.
So you see how they have it.
Let me see if I can.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Um, they have theirs like exam effects like they took the pre licensing activity.
Register a 10 complete and then like that kind of stuff there.
You know, I don't know if that's possible.
If not for now, it's fine.
We can integrate it because I know they have an API, but, um,
you just let me know what can be done there, you know?
Yeah, I'll check the API first.
Just provide me the logins of exam effects.
Uh, yeah, let me just put it here real quick.
So, uh, the person who is going to give the exam effects exam.
So they're going to log in from their login account or your login account.
Say it again.
I'm saying that, for example, if somebody is going to give an exam on exam effects,
then that person is only able to see if they're analytics right.
So I wanted to be to where it's a tracking of their team.
So, for example,
if, if, uh,
if Janice has Maria and Carlos under her that she can see their information.
Yeah, because that's the whole point of it.
I don't understand, but for example, for example, not hired me.
Okay. Yeah.
I am, I am having my own exam effects account.
So what I'll do is I'll just you say,
tell me that okay, go on and take that exam.
I'm going to just create an account on exam effects.
Then I'm going to log in my exam effects, give the exam.
So the analytics will be shown to me only right in my dashboard.
How will be shown to you?
In exam effects, I'm talking about.
Well,
I was hoping that you could like extract the information with the master log in,
which is mine, right?
Is there any way which by which you are adding the people in your team in exam effects also,
just like we are doing over here.
So,
in exam effects,
what I can do.
Um,
I'm going to give you one minute to use the bathroom,
and I'm going to answer this question.
Okay. One second.
I'll be right.
One second.
You
You
You
You
You
You
You're able to add inside of exam effects, managers, as many as I want, like hierarchy type.
But I believe I have to reach out to them to do that.
I think that it lets me necessarily do that in the system.
If does that answer the question?
Uh,
or not?
A little bit.
Exam effects to.
Okay.
See, I'm just saying that.
If somebody.
You are giving me your credentials, but let's say you have 10 downline agents and the 11th one is going to take the exam effects exam.
From your login, how will I track his or hers?
Okay.
Like, how do you know who's under who kind of thing?
Yeah.
I mean, who's under who?
And, uh,
and is your account will be the master account?
Maybe from your account, only they are going to take the exam.
So this is for them to study, right?
The actual exam, they have to go to a location and take it.
Uh, no, but.
Okay.
I'm, but I think I know what I think I know what you're asking, but so what I was thinking was.
Like, how do you know who's under who and stuff like that?
But I was thinking that you could see if, because the, they'll be recruited inside of our HP office first.
So you'll see who recruited them.
So then if you can associate the name.
Exam effects, then with our HP office, and then you can manage it that way.
I don't know if that makes sense.
Here, right now, as on your screen, it says that select the manager below to manage their hierarchy.
And, uh, right now, not 100.
Oh, you are over here, right?
So I can add a manager there.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm just saying that for example, if not hired me and I'm just going to take exam effects exam over here.
So are you going to add me and exam effects also.
As as your down line and your account.
Every single person, every single person that gets recruited inside of the company will go into exam effects.
If they're not licensed.
Under me.
Under.
Okay.
So I'm.
Yeah.
So you are saying that under your credentials of exam effects, I can find all the.
Yeah, everybody.
Yeah.
Okay.
Exactly.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
That was what I was asked.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Because what will happen is so two scenarios, either they're licensed and they don't need exam effects, or they're not licensed.
And they'll be made sometimes, sometimes the person is already getting a license with another company.
So they won't go through my exam effects.
And that's okay because we're not tracking at that point.
But if they go into my exam effects, that means that they're in our company and everybody will be under me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
I put the information there.
Okay.
The logging credentials here.
Okay.
That's cool.
Okay.
One note of as an admin, I know there's a notifications tab up here.
Let me cancel somebody's up.
Okay.
There's a notification stuff up here.
What kind of notifications am I receiving?
Do you know?
They are simple and pretty basic like somebody is added or somebody status has been made and.
Okay.
Yeah.
Very pretty basic.
I haven't added much of the things notifications for now.
Okay.
All right.
So we can just add some stuff in there.
Whatever you think is important.
Like I said, like if somebody hits a promotion level or something like that, if we didn't somehow do that.
Yes.
Um, who can I put who can change production statuses?
We already talked about that about being able to change the production status and the thing.
So we don't need to talk about that.
Oh, coupon flexibility and striped link.
So for the coupon.
I know here you have like a tab record.
This is coupon management.
Mm hmm.
Right.
So let's say I create a coupon, right?
Mm hmm.
So I say in it.
And because the only thing that they're paying for on our site is 20 to 20 dollars.
So if I say I'm going to give a discount this month for $10 or if I want to give it for free, I would just go in here and create a coupon.
Mm hmm.
Basically, and that's it.
And it would automatically be linked to stripe or how does that work?
Yeah, that that's going to be automatically linked to your stripe.
If you're going to give a coupon, yeah, if you're going to give a coupon over there.
So it's, uh, it's going to see that how much amount is needs to be deducted.
So that's going to be a zero.
That's going to be a free for them.
Okay.
And, and, um, the applicable roles here, admin and agent, um, what was that exactly?
Uh, I think you mentioned about this.
Whether.
Oh, only I can do it or the ad or the agent can do it.
Is that it?
Uh,
Yeah, it was, yeah, I remember now, it was that this particular person will be only able to give the coupons.
Whether it's going to be this coupon is a agent can give it or only admin.
Only knowledge can give it to these coupons.
Now, for example, for example, if not wants to give this to his down line.
Okay.
So you are an.
Direct down.
Okay.
Yeah.
If any agent wants to do this, so agent can also distribute these coupons.
He agent can also see all these coupons in their account.
If you are going to choose agent also.
Okay.
Okay.
Cool.
Got it.
Um, all right.
And then.
Coupon code percentage or I can do fixed amount.
Perfect.
Okay.
This looks good.
Um, cool.
All right.
Does applying retain.
Yeah, we talked about that retaining visibility quick books.
We talked about that.
Oh, um, last thing here business card, um, ordering.
Um, I wanted to link this with like Vista print.
Have you ever heard of Vista print?
You were saying like the mailing services.
Yeah, Vista print does like a.
So like.
Let me show you.
Let me show you what I mean real quick to just so we have clarity on it.
So if I go here and this, this is all companies will work for.
Um, primarily.
Right.
And I go to.
Uh, company store.
Right.
And company store.
There's a bunch of things here, right?
But like, uh, let's just say business cards.
I want to have like a format like this where I say customize me.
Right.
But there's already fields here.
Like they can't really do.
Much different than what's already on there.
So, um.
And then they can order through here.
And it costs them $25 for 250.
But I can.
I get a partnership with Vista print because they have a corporate partnership.
Somewhere on here that I already saw.
Um, I'm bass ambassador program or something like that right here.
So.
I don't know.
But if I could, because I can, I want to have like a company store.
But really business cards for now.
So they can go on there and click and order business cards through my site.
But it's linked to Vista print because they, they can, you know,
it won't have Vista prints logo or whatever.
Um, are we able to do that too?
Uh, does the service provide API?
I need to check that first.
Yeah, yeah, it does.
It does.
Yeah, I believe so.
Yeah.
Yeah, so in that way, then, then can be done.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
I wanted to show you real quick, but.
For careers now.
I think it's reseller program, I believe.
And if I want to see how it works, no, join now.
So yeah, so I would just pay like this.
Um, let me just quickly.
This is like 50 seconds.
I don't know if you want to.
Pro advantage by Vista print is a wholesale program for designers, artists,
and other creative purpose artists, and other creative professionals who sell custom printed products.
We've probably been.
It's easy to add your designs to hundreds of items and shift directly to customers.
Here's how it works.
First, sell through your preferred sales channel, setting your own prices.
After you make a sale, place your customer's order on our site.
We'll print and ship the final product to your customer no matter where in the world they live,
an unbranded packaging.
So they won't see the price you paid or where it came from.
With a premium subscription, you'll earn additional savings for your business.
Receive up to 40% off products and free shipping on orders over $60.
Plus, you'll get exclusive access to other Vista services and our customer care team.
Get started today.
May suns.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
And that's pretty much it, man.
I think I need to provide you the promotional level names and requirements.
I want to give you a new logo because our logo sucks.
And the business template.
And then I don't think I really need to give you these because that doesn't.
Yeah.
Oh, there's one more thing that I need to add in there, which is under the ACA tab.
Under the ACA tab, like, I need to add steps, right?
Of what they need to do to get with ACA, which I think we already talked about that, but.
What to expect.
Yeah.
And, but, but I need to have like steps and then what to expect comes after that.
Um, I didn't have step.
I needed to put like a link in there so they can be linked to my, when they go to sell health insurance, they can be linked to me.
But, um, if you could some type of editable thing there.
And, um, uh, damn.
I lost the document.
Okay.
There it is.
And then final carrier list per category.
We have that CSV.
We talked about, yeah, four monthly verified totals.
Um, so I don't need to provide the format for that.
That's not needed.
Uh, I don't need to get this in there.
And I think that's it.
Right.
Is there anything else in here provide to you?
Yeah, that's it for now.
Uh, see, I will not work on the whole document first, because there are so many phases in this one.
Actually, which I can see.
So I'll be contacting you again.
Again, if I have some kind of questions and I'll just start with the from top to bottom of the document.
And then I'll let you my progress, whatever I've made.
Right.
Okay.
Okay.
